DOC Update JS MIME type, remove `type` in `<script>`, fix few typos (#632)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.0.0.md

  - [MySQL now defaults to utf8mb4](#mysql-utf8mb4)
  - [`DBDecimal` default value](#dbdecimal-default-value)
  - [`RedirectorPage` validation](#redirectorpage-validation)

>   - [Change JS MIME type & remove default `type` attribute in `<script>` tags](#js-mime-type-update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Update JS MIME type, remove `type` in `<script>` tags](#js-mime-type-update)
```

### `DBDecimal` default value {#dbdecimal-default-value}

Previously if an invalid default value was provided for a [`DBDecimal`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\FieldType\DBDecimal) database column, it would silently set the default value to `0`. This will now throw an exception instead, so that you're aware your configured value is invalid and can correct it.

### `RedirectorPage` validation

[`RedirectorPage`](api:SilverStripe\CMS\Model\RedirectorPage) now uses the [`Url` constraint](https://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/constraints/Url.html) from `symfony/validator` to validate the `ExternalURL` field. It will no longer add `http://` to the start of URLs for you if you're missing a protocol - instead, a validation error message will be displayed.

> ### Change JS MIME type & remove default `type` attribute in `<script>` tags {#change-js-mime-type}

Reviewer: This is a pretty long heading, but I couldn't think of anything more succinct to suggest so it's probably okay.

Author: Changed it form:
Change JS MIME type & remove default `type` attribute in `<script>` tags {#change-js-mime-type}
to
Update JS MIME type, remove `type` in `<script>` tags {#js-mime-type-update}

> Updated the MIME type for JavaScript from `"application/javascript"` to `"text/javascript"`. Additionally, the `type` attribute has been omitted from `<script>` tags since it defaults to `"text/javascript"` in HTML5, and it is encouraged to omit it instead of redundantly setting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've updated the MIME type for JavaScript from `"application/javascript"` to `"text/javascript"`. Additionally, the `type` attribute has been omitted from any `<script>` tags generated by Silverstripe CMS itself (e.g. in the Requirements API). The most up-to-date RFC says to use `"text/javascript"` in HTML5. Since modern browsers will default to that type when one isn't explicitly declared, it is generally encouraged to omit it instead of redundantly setting it.
```
